this white project that was formed in the eye as people popularly know him
it's called pterygium
because it occurs and how it can be treated
Below is explained
two
this period is an eye disease that really people got to know
much more like any other name it proceeded
p people normally beautifully red milito that they have in the eye or qatar 3rd
really what that trio is a disease that is inherited from the padel
that parents know the living and so on and one really has the
possibility of having it and yes like in this country we live in a world of gares
tropical that we have a lot of sun and a lot of dust really is a mechanism of
defense the official it is common that I have seen from the minds a membrane that grows
excessively normal idea of ​​a wolf part that cultivates that membrane
Normal covering lamdassem and transparent covering the white part
what you love
really the first thing as a wolf part that grew madelón of the normal thing
halter does not blink and participate stern pulling tears
on a surface that was to be very homogeneous and this is like a little ball
ellis that the trio neither produces irritation that is when the person
Sunshine is edited more
when I will see where I smoke places that there is a lot of dust a lot of sun is edited
more and already emit
very severely
munar brakes very advanced when invading part the with this excellent transparent
get to what little people say the wolf girl and if I have
come close and distorts with it can make them call to answer
because he really has how we have the votes in his eyelids
but if it is covered by this transparent membrane that is wrong
najera that these on the part of the one that cost to stop and really does not have
bases
then there is a membrane that covers the entire white part and understood that it is this
way it looks like a cloud
it is a thickening of the natural membrane
lezama with you
to try to protect yourself because really the upper eyelid minetti
the inside of the foot to the area that is exposed
this is a very advanced period which the sclera that the white part
the period and invaded
almost the entire square reading had entered into the agreement especially transparent
what they see in color
stella maris
this person
if it really existed having a very bad vision because really this is
like a little hand
Traction daughter Nahla Corner
means excellently and makes the person look bad
Who really lists treatment is prescribed
then and what is done is a series to not involve the act
the blue we use for other things is a very frequent question that was born
what is done is used droplet sleeps wolf and what we do is resear say
Previous cut but mou was cut - to pressures under a microscope
we really see ourselves as they know this evil in being very very big we can remove
all well go way to tell the best and the one that really has a better
prognosis sir a prose I did not approve elia in more than 99% that does not return to
happen is that we make a reception
and in the upper part of conjunctivae ana a bit is removed
they put on and what is thinner than a hair
and he the thread was removed the ten days when one does this the possible one that
again be less than 1%
really what we do in order streamlines different a more uncertain recession
as an entity